add show shards output example (#3833)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/query_language/spec.md

```sql
SHOW SHARDS

name: telegraf
id  database   retention_policy shard_group start_time           end_time             expiry_time          owners
--  --------   ---------------- ----------- ----------           --------             -----------          ------
16  telegraf   autogen          6           2020-10-19T00:00:00Z 2020-10-26T00:00:00Z 2020-10-26T00:00:00Z 6,7,8
17  telegraf   autogen          6           2020-10-19T00:00:00Z 2020-10-26T00:00:00Z 2020-10-26T00:00:00Z 9,4,5
21  telegraf   autogen          8           2020-10-26T00:00:00Z 2020-11-02T00:00:00Z 2020-11-02T00:00:00Z 8,9,4
22  telegraf   autogen          8           2020-10-26T00:00:00Z 2020-11-02T00:00:00Z 2020-11-02T00:00:00Z 5,6,7
26  telegraf   autogen          10          2020-11-02T00:00:00Z 2020-11-09T00:00:00Z 2020-11-09T00:00:00Z 9,4,5
27  telegraf   autogen          10          2020-11-02T00:00:00Z 2020-11-09T00:00:00Z 2020-11-09T00:00:00Z 6,7,8
31  telegraf   autogen          12          2020-11-09T00:00:00Z 2020-11-16T00:00:00Z 2020-11-16T00:00:00Z 6,7,8
```

> In the example above, the `SHOW SHARDS` output displays the id number of the shard under the `id`column, the `database` and `retention policy` 
> to which the shard belongs, the `shard_group` number, the start time, end time and expiration time of each shard, and the data nodes that own the shard in the `owners` column.  Multiple nodes can own a single shard based on the replication factor, and in this example the replication factor is 3. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SHOW SHARDS` outputs the following data:
- `id` column: Shard IDs that belong to the specified `database` and `retention policy`
- `shard_group` column: Group number that a shard belongs to. Shards in the same shard group have the same `start_time` and `end_time`. This interval indicates how long the shard is active, and the `expiry_time` columns shows when the shard group expires. 
- `owners` column: Shows the data nodes that own a shard. The number of nodes that own a shard is equal to the replication factor. In this example, the replication factor is 3, so 3 nodes own each shard.
```

Reviewer: @lwandzura any cases when the `end_time` and `expiry_time` are not the same?
